Hey, teacher
We might as well be short of food and water.
If the Li family can really come up with food
Then it's temporarily solved.
Oops fuck
Food is a big problem.
But hey big brother
If there is a shortage of food in the army
I am willing to take out 120 millet to solve the urgent need
Hahaha, Brother Wu?
Are you really my brother?
As long as you can take out 100 millet.
Your wedding is on me
And
How many yellow flowers do you want?
I'll find you as many as I want.
hit or miss
Chinese people
Pull them all down
Hurry up, it's the teacher, the teacher, oops
Teacher teacher
Spare my teacher
long
division
Don't hit long
Hahahahaha okay okay
brother
That's what we said, no problem, big brother.
Then I'll say goodbye first, brother
You are busy first
Okay, hahahaha, beat to death, beat to death, father
I won't fight you
Boss, are you all right?
Great Wu Dongjia
You're okay?
Why were the Zhao brothers beaten?
Of course I'm fine. I told you so
The military is a place of reason.
It won't embarrass us little people
Mr. Wu's family, you are too obedient
We will all follow you from now on
Do it with you do it with you
Work with you
No problem as long as you follow me
Food and drink are not a problem
I will come.
And make you rich
Ok ok
Brother, come home with me for a drink, a drink, a walk
Master Huang is too biased
Even if Wu Tian is his brother
He can't do that to you, can he?
Fucking father will take revenge sooner or later
I have secretly contacted Zhang Shuai's army
When the time comes, you should cooperate with him inside and out
Let's kill Master Huang together
And Wu Tian, these two bastards